but I am tino today I am going to teach you
to download dead rising 2 for pc
the first step is that they have to go to
google if they do not know google google for
see points the first must google
and value the page that is called the
pirate bay
and it is the first option says download
music movies game that ax is good goes
to appear this page maybe with another
picture and they give you down here to explore
torrent
squeeze and I'm going to pass all this
you are going to go down to games
and I think
here a lot of game will appear if
they want to download some download
you can also be in movies
others of everything already go up here where the
little boat this pollen
ri
good
in pirate search
and all this will appear
these options
everything is at stake and you are going to fall
the upper right corner appear that
tlc
and to see if all these options
you have to enter the first one that
it's called the trees 2 off the record
and you will look like this when you create it
I'll leave it in the description
just in this step thing that you
arrive and download it
will be here in this step
and to load this you need a program
that is called utorrent that is this that
I will also leave them as
download in the description that has
behind
Well, I'll leave you there
and they give jet distó network with this
here they will find out and immediately
will throw the torrent I will put new
because you already download it obvious
Well this will shock and is where
download is likely to have no
then also go I come but
to worth
something of law
and you can throw the folder for the
desk
and
will not let me put a good desk
we're going to do it here they will not see me
these three options you are going to this
where the weird
and when you extract here
let's take a while
it was when it's ready I 'm going to continue
recording
so let him wait
for a fast and good time
I'm also sick, well, I know
decompressed everything
and all this be left all this
what is called is kim jong or something like that
this is like crack
good
the roman car that says what to do what there is
to open the trap
[Music]
we open it and that says the installation
fast person
accept it
or
with that
I shit on the o
I'm going to get the
the serial and I return
the key 000 000 000
that is to say
what is the key
this figure steel
good fuck
could expect it to be installed
I do not know how long it takes discovery of
boronos in one hour
I me installing operation 7
at the same time downloading installing
so I do not know how much will be called without
if that
but
nothing if it does not work with the key 0000
you have to put 1 2 3 4 5 about 345
points 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 and 1 2 3 4 5 and
works
cast
I'll be back when Chao is ready again
as good as the game already installed
and if we go here
and now
what
the game
they should not pass
why
ok there are games and there you can start
point to point everything
ok not true do not have to put the soul
and not
no I not want to leave just started played
and this would be like downloading this would be
How to download the super simple game
quick easy
and they have to do mom
it was a lie
but for his upbringing up I like it
down all that
and nothing to enjoy the game
in the videos they have on my channel
since I like all that and if you want
us into some game they want
help him put me in the comments if
they want to load the doubt some at stake
also in the comments
or that remain in the comments and nothing
that
bye
I believe taught